Validate secured service URLs based on their certificate (#32)
LiskHQ/app-registry: README.md

Example: *mainnet/Lisk/images/application/lisk.svg*

## Contributing

> To contribute to the application registry with the metadata for your blockchain application, please [create a fork of this repository and submit a *Pull Request*](./docs/creating_pull_request.md) with the necessary changes. Before submitting a PR, please read the [Repository Structure](#repository-structure) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute to the application registry with the metadata for your blockchain application, please [fork this repository and submit a *Pull Request*](./docs/creating_pull_request.md) with the necessary changes. Before submitting a PR, please read the [Repository Structure](#repository-structure) section.
```

> To contribute to the application registry with the metadata for your blockchain application, please [fork this repository and submit a *Pull Request*](./docs/creating-pull-request-from-a-fork.md) with the necessary changes. Before submitting a PR, please read the [Repository Structure](#repository-structure) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To contribute to the application registry with the metadata for your blockchain application, please [fork this repository and submit a *Pull Request*](./docs/creating-pull-request-from-a-fork.md) with the necessary changes. Before submitting a PR, please read through the [Repository Structure](#repository-structure) section.
```

## Contributing

> You can create a pull request to propose changes you've made to a fork of app-registry.
> 
> To contribute to the application registry with the metadata for your blockchain application, please submit a *Pull Request* with the necessary changes. Before submitting a PR, please read the [Repository Structure](#repository-structure) section.

Reviewer: The entire contents of `Creating a pull request from a fork` can be moved to `./docs/creating-pull-request-from-a-fork.md`.
```suggestion
To contribute to the application registry with the metadata for your blockchain application, please [fork the repository and submit a *Pull Request*](./docs/creating-pull-request-from-a-fork.md) with the necessary changes. Before submitting a PR, please read the [Repository Structure](#repository-structure) section.
```
